I'm sure they'll be here soon yeah honey
they wouldn't miss this relax you only
had 9 centimeters and the baby's at 0
station you were really frightened so we
want to help me trying to rip out my
heart uh that's great anybody seen a
nipple all right 10 centimeters here we
go all right honey time to start pushing
but they're not here yet I'm sorry I
can't tell the baby to wait for them Oh
God Oh
okay got the vent open hi I'm Ben I'm
hospital worker Ben it's Ben
to the rescue man you ready yeah all
right
give me your foot okay on three ban 102
thank good okay come on man
okay that's a bad okay okay uh what do
you think well Susan I see what appears
to be a dark vent wait yes it is in fact
a dark vet
oh it's open
why
you forgot your legs long story honey
all right Carol I need you to keep
pushing I need it I I mean excuse me can
I have this all right all right there's
a few too many people in this room
there's about to be one more so anybody
who's not an ex-husband or a lesbian
life-partner out you go good luck you
guys
good luck let me ask you do you have to
be Carol's lesbian life-partner
alright alright he's crowning here he
comes let me see me I got to see I got
to see oh it's it's huge Carol how are
you doing this
did you get you to fun we got ahead we
got shoulders we got arms again oh look
at that little finger Oh a chest and a
stomach at it it's a boy
definitely whoa okay legs knees and feet
oh he's here oh he's a person kind of
like my Uncle Ed covered in jello you
guys he's beautiful
oh thanks Pheebs
no shouting but we still need a name for
this little guy
how about Ben
I like Ben Ben's good how can we never
mention Ben before we just cooked it up
that's what we were off doing hi hey can
we come in everybody there's someone I'd
like you to meet yeah this is Ben oh hi
Ben Ben this is everybody hey boom Susan
he looks just like you oh god I can't
believe one of us actually has one of
these I know I still AM one of these
Ross good can I keep the head
you gotta I'm your Aunt Monica kids I am
Monica
all right I will always have gum
you